What did God say when he made the first black man? 
Damn, I burnt one. :laughing:

Why did the semen cross the road? 
Because it was my first wank in two weeks.

What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?  
The Holocaust.

How do you make a plumber cry?
Kill his family.

How do you make a cat go woof? 
Pour gasoline all over it and light a match.

What's sad about 4 people and a Mercedes driving off a cliff?
They were my friends.

Why is television called a medium?
Because it is neither rare nor well done

What do you get when you mix joke with a recursive function? 
<@spagbot>: joke

My cock was actually in the Guinness Book of World Records once. 
But it really pissed off the librarian and she kicked me out.

My mate died after taking an E. 
Countdown's security staff don't fuck about.

Boomerangs...
Frisbees for ginger people.

What's the difference between Isaac Newton and the baby I just stabbed to death?
Isaac Newton died a virgin.

What makes an ISIS joke funny? 
The execution.

How do you kill 20 flies with one hit?
Slap an Ethiopian in the face.

What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection?
A quarter pounder with cheese. 

What's the difference between "Thomas the Tank Engine" and Princess Diana? 
Thomas made it through the tunnel

What's the difference between a Mercedes and Princess Diana?
A Mercedes will easily reach 40.

What do you get if you cross Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles? 
Killed in a car crash.

What's black underneath and white on top?
Society. 

What's black on top and white underneath?
Rape.

what is the difference between a pakistani elementary school and an al-qaeda outpost? 
hell i don't know, i just fly the drone.

Why is it so hard to break up with a Japanese girlfriend?
You have to drop the bomb twice before she gets it.

Why can't you fool an aborted baby?
Because it wasn't born yesterday. 

What do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? 
Gang rape 

How does a black woman fight crime?
She has an abortion

Is your dad in prison? 
Cos if I was your dad, I'd be in prison

What's black and screams? 
Stevie Wonder answering the iron.

A man went into a library and asked for a book on how to commit suicide.
The librarian said: "Fuck off, you won't bring it back."

The masochist said "hurt me".
The sadist said "no"

What do teen mothers and their unborn babies have in common?
They're both thinking "Oh my God, my mom's gonna kill me!"

What's red, 10 inches long, and makes your girlfriend cry when you try to put it in her mouth?
Her miscarriage.

How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman?
none

What's worse than finding a worm in your apple?
The Holocaust.

Why did the boy drop his ice cream?
Because he was hit by a bus. 

What is red and smells like blue paint?
Blue paint.

I was driving to work today and saw a woman driving down the road with her hazard lights on.
At least she's honest.

Why do Japanese people have slanted eyes?
Because they're still squinting from the blast.

Whats the difference between a lazy wife and the England Football team?
Nothing- they both deserve to get beaten, and are lucky if they don't.

How does every black joke begin?
With a look over your shoulder

My Girlfriend wanted me to treat her like a princess for her birthday.
So I took her out, got her drunk, and crashed the car.

Why did Princess Diana cross the road?
She wasn't wearing a seatbelt

Why don't black people go on cruises?
They're not falling for that again.

How do you turn a fruit into a vegetable?
AIDS

What's better than winning a gold medal in the special Olympics? 
Not being retarded.

Whats the difference between the Jews and Santa Claus?
Santa goes *down* the chimney

What's black, smells and has 17 tits? . .
The bin bags outside the breast cancer ward

What's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? 
You stop milking a cow after 10 years.

Why were the twin towers mad?
_They ordered pepperoni pizza_, and all they got was plane.

What's the hardest thing about putting vegetables in the oven?
Fitting their wheelchair in.

How do you get a Jewish girls number?
Roll up her sleeve.

My friend gave me his Epi-Pen as he was dying.
It seemed very important to him that I have it.

What is the capital of Greece?
About €20.

People say I'm condescending.
That means I talk down to others.

What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea?
I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.

Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make.
Then they call me ugly and poor.

Why does NASA drink sprite? 
Because they couldn't get 7up

How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
More than 8 , because my basement is still dark.

Why did princess Diana cross the road? 
Momentum.

Why can't orphans play baseball? 
They don't know where home is.

What's the difference between a baby and a kilo of coke?
Eric Clapton wouldn't let a kilo of coke fall out the window.

They say there's safety in numbers. Really?
Tell that to six million Jews.

How do I know my girlfriend is too young for me?
I have to make airplane noises to get my cock in her mouth.

Whats the difference between Jews and Boy Scouts?
Boy Scouts come back from camps

How do you get bubble gum out of your hair?
Cancer

What's the number one cause of paeodophillia? 
Sexy kids.

What's the difference between cancer and black people?
Cancer got Jobs.

What's the worst thing about being a black jew?
Having to sit at the back of the oven.

Food is like dark humor
Not every one gets it

Why do cops hate redneck murder cases?
No dental records and all the DNA matches.

What does an Ethiopian do in the dark?
Starve.

Losing my virginity was a lot like how I learned to ride a bike.
My Dad had a firm grip on my shoulders.

I love the word 'Racecar.'
Put it forwards, it's racecar. Put it backwards, it's still racecar. Put it sideways, and Paul Walker dies.

What did the boy with no arms get for Christmas?
We dont know, he hasnt opened it yet

How do they know Princess Diana had dandruff?
They found her Head and Shoulders on the dashboard.

Say what you want about pedophiles
At least they drive slow through our school zones.

I like my women like I like my wine
12 years old and locked in the basement.

Who won the 2001 fastest reader competition? 
The 9/11 victims. They went through 22 stories in 3 seconds flat.

How many babies do you need to paint a wall?
Depends on how hard you throw them.

How do you know your sister is on her period?
Your dads dick tastes of blood.

What's the best part of showering with a 9 year old girl?
You can slick her hair back and pretend she is a 6 year old boy.

I'm not going to say your disgusting jokes anymore.
Go fuck yourself, you white male.

I'll stop at nothing to avoid using negative numbers.

A woman brings eight-year-old Johnny home and tells his mother that he was caught playing doctors and nurses with Mary, her eight-year-old daughter.
Johnny's mother says, "Let's not be too harsh on them, they are bound to be curious about sex at that age." "Curious about sex?" replies Mary's mother. "He's taken her fucking appendix out!"

